Redis and Base64 are not always used together.
In this lesson, we will be using Redis and Base64 together.
Let's start talking about why we would use Redis.
Redis is a database used primarily for caching,
this means it is optimized for fast reads and writes.
Redis is used by a lot of companies.
This makes it worthwhile to learn how to use Redis.
Also, Redis is great for rapid prototyping of new applications.
This can take you well beyond a proof of concept all the way to
production without having to create or maintain schemas.
Later, you can create a structured schema,
and migrate to a relational database,
or stay with Redis and create a nightly extract for reports.
In either case, Redis is super-fast both in terms of execution and in development.
Base64 is the encoding of the Internet.
It is used to make certain texts more easily readable by servers.
In this example, the URL has a long encoded string.
Decoding the string is the latitude and longitude where the takeout is needed.
Base64 is an encoding format used by computers to transmit and store information.